hey everyone so basically i was going to
attach this to the end of the other
video important today but that Olivia's
gonna go on for a long ass time huh very
waffle e so I'm not gonna have enough
room in that video i BES 500 subscribers
I did it already in two months 500
subscribers that's amazing well actually
as I'm filming this it's 560 I think
which blows my mind I can't believe you
are watching me and from all over the
world the Analects page has is sharp
people from so many different countries
I just think that is so cool and yes so
anyway I wanted to give back to you guys
and I told you I do a giveaway and I
picked up a little something in my
favorite a word winning Irish store
fuchsia makeup there we go look a word
women Irish makeup company ma both of
the products i'm giving away our band
trend this season and one is a autumn
red lipstick which i actually bought one
myself as well right here and i'm
wearing right now so you can kind of see
the shade it's absolutely gorgeous let's
watch mine because i don't wanna wreck
the one I bought for you guys so I just
show you there and the color it's really
really pretty it's very complementary to
other autumn makeups and autumn II
things and yeah and I'm gonna have big
blob my hub deal with it okay so i'll
just show you guys for 10 in this little
pink a little wrapped up jacket this is
the price so these two guys this is also
very very odd to me it's a mineral blush
and it's in the shade glow the girl in
the shop assured me that this goes with
most complexion it gives a beautiful
natural hint of color to the cheeks on
the temples and makes you really healthy
looking and pretty as far as i know all
their lipsticks have an SPF of 15 in
them i have quite a few of them they're
really really moisturizing just
absolutely beautiful as you can see now
they're kind of transferable oh my god
they're just they're my favorite
lipstick I mentioned one in a video
before the butterfly kisses it might
have been in my bag video or one of them
if you want to win this Irish autumn
makeup then all you have to do this is
an international giveaway by the way I'm
not leaving any of you out so no matter
where you live you can enter all you
have to do is like this video follow me
on Twitter I'm use
fan on Facebook and might as well leave
a comment of why you think you should
win so I'll just pick a random comment
I'm not gonna be oh she said a cooler
thing so I'm gonna pick her no it could
be anyone I might actually use one of
those random name generator think this
contest will be open for maybe seven
days so from whenever I upload this
video you guys have seven days to enter
and this competition is open to anyone
who subscribed to me in seven days time
so my first 500 subscribers and anyone
who subscribed after that I don't know
beyond mean and just leave it to the
first 500 because the whole purpose of
this was to just you know say thank you
to my first group of zombies and that's
you guys so thank you and I'm so
appreciative of all your comments I love
reading you know coming from some of you
leave comments on all my videos and I
just think that's so sweet and so lovely
and yeah I really like you too so far
i'm definitely going to keep it up and
yeah so I'll go now because i'm waffling
and I've a whole other video 10 so yeah
hope you are well and thank you for
watching so like I said thumbs up leave
a comment like my facebook follow me
twitter you know the deal cuz I'll
giveaways on youtube are kind of the
same bye guys
you